come on bite me is downright I
yeah come on
definitely a tuna this dish is
exactly what we need a nice inch
or bite and it's got some way if
we can get a tear up on this
fish
it could be a 5000 our paycheck
for us
yeah
got a big fish on here I haven't
had this much line on the fish
in a long time trying to chase
this fish down here this much
line back on the Real possible
real get a bite will get a bike
ride
get up there because we're gonna
get closer I knew if we just
stayed the course eventually we
work up in two up but now the
tough part starts getting it in
the boat
real good job guys good job on a
handshake going to lock the head
shakes if we can land this one
another day another pit that I'd
merchandise it's nice we got it
right off the bat the ball in
here
look it so if we can get him
I'll get some trap gets a
brother get some
got to get this business we're
traveling the whole fleet right
now so I don't hope that we land
this fish
I need to land this fish
yeah
I see him easy easy
I'm just a little bit
this is right up here on top is
like 40 feet away we need this
with a bad back on him
wait wait wait wait now go back
on it go back on this don't want
no I'm going to the bottom
it's making a run junior running
to me
let's hope we get him boy been
doing a lot of handshakes Oh
baby I'm buddy it's definitely a
keeper guys big boys hanging d
no it's just you and me
smart sometimes color and we got
cold cousin Jennie time
alright guys I don't forget this
way one more clothes in the days
of the dark God
yeah he's going good job big is
going
the old art
ok
bent
that part out bro
pulling the heart is really
disappointing if we could have
gotten that fish on the boat
they probably would have put us
back on top of the fleet
it's part of it sucks lost them